

At the starting of the movie when devi leaves from home heading toward his friend, the place where she changes her clothes is like realastic condition in India.Even when news running on TV when both devi and her boyfriend are in hotel is to represent the danger of condition.
her father scolded at her to think at least once before doing all this stuff.
when her boss call her and not talks in well manner she went to coaching center to take her all things and she even yell at him for doing dirty talks on phone. So she even tell that both want do this thing.but only he dies 
devi get job not as per her education because of her condition.But worker at this place torcher her and not behave well with her and so she left the job.So his father scolded her he allow her to take education 
boys. she tells him she not responsible for death of  this boy as her father is not responsible  for death of  her mother. she again joins job at railway where she met satya.she refused to give ticket to one
couple.she decide to this job temporary and leave to allhabad to escape from reality.she met piyush's parents and she left ring given to her by piyush in river.
she return his all entity in collage and even read his news in collage notice board

satya said it is easy to come but hard to escape. he gave her dilicious kheer made by his father.He shared his experencie of collage days with her. and want to tells her that he love her 
but when she saw boy like piush she suddenly left.Sadhya is polite person and he says it is difficult to escape problem and love.



When police caught both having sex in hotels, her boyfriend relaise that his life is ruined. As the sence in which he closed himself in toilet and requesting police to not imform his father. And he commited
sucide which was not excepted by policeman or not anyone around their
When vidhaydhar reaches the policestation, Inspector mishra souted at him telling him to pay bail and scraing him about sucide case. vidhyadhar and inspector mishara are from same comminuity so he even asks for 
inspector's help to resolve case. 
When she and her father came form policestation his fater feels too regrateful and angry about her dauther. So he pour water in food ,slap her and throw glass toward devi.
when inspector mishara came to devi's house and he switched on TV. The news on TV about oppsition to goverment shows how goverment in this area like inpector mishra.
Inspector mishra demanded 3 lakh form his father and scolded him for his request of negotion. his father earns 10 thousand per month and devi teaching at computer coaching
deepak's brother sikander not eat food properly as he is not doint any valuable job and eventully hurt by his father. He steals silver from Ghat.He ask deepak about his collage and placement and interview



At intodution of Deepak showing dead bodies buring and throwing into river making sence of his family background.
Deepak who good habit boy shown form sence where his friend gives gift to her girlfriend and deepak try to refused to come with him . his comment on helping shalu in any condition in hotel. 
deepak fall in love girl name shalu gupta and open facebook account. They started to chat and meet with thier friends.
deepak always changes subjects when shalu ask about his address.Even he scolded her for this. He lives on harishchandra ghat .his father, brother all doing picking wood on dead bodies and buring bodies. 
when deepak asks for money, his father allow him to take money as much as he needs. His father completed ignoer sikandar as he said you are the only one.


Even shalu and her friend fuss for snaks of 5 rupees.
students came from university to know history of Ghat near river Ganga from vidhyadhar pandit fahter of devi.In history he tells about dispute about ghats between Marathi and gujarati peoples.
Women are forbidden form cremenation ghats.
she saw piush father on ghat  
shalu's family also comment that food is dilicious as chef is belong to thier community.But shalu called this thought as idot-old fashioned idea so she is ready to run away with him. deepak doing preparing well 
with confidient for job. But shalu dies in accidient.so he is not able to focus and deep in sorrow and cried . But he recovered from his pain and again start his preparation for job thinking of his father


vidhydhar scolded the little boy for not to take part in bet but he attracted by bet .Even devi see on tv about lottery shows. But vidhyadhar allow little boy to play in bet for money.He even forces him to play 
later.and beat him. and in one bet little boy loose his consiousness so vidhaydhar took him to hospital and relaise his mistake. he completed inspecter demand by solding ring.
 

deepak light the stove by the fire of the dead funeral. low caste.
upper caster family dilouge show their greateness over lower caster people
his father watches at him while studing 
both release their guilt by throwing ring and facing parent's of Piyush












 Brother  name sikandar
 cremation rituals
 bonus day
