Shravan kumar 
At the starting shravan and his friend talking about video and sport showing that they are capale of 
become sport person but not able get opptunity to achive it. Even he argue to bhagvandas to about all
slavery.but bagvandas treat him that he will not able to box again. 
He fell in love of sunaina and write a loveletters to her
his friend tells him that it very hard to get success and progress in their life
he work hard for getting job to marry sunaina.he was not able to buy new shooes.
IN marriage of his friend he is dancing in front of BD to declare war between them
BD refused sharvan to box in tournament as their is no reason to refuse him. BD puts hard condition to 
enter in boxing
He plays from another district.And sunjay kumar impressed by that.He told his father that his parent not
having brain
girl from another caste and mute --parents not convinced
but officer at railway not treating well him and not giving him time for training because of BD
Lost his temper and attact on BD's cars because of sunaina
At last he saves sunaina and her parent's and beat BD in front of police saying Bharat mata ki jay
he lost last match because of codition of BD
he lives boxing for sunaina


Bhagavan das
bhagavan das coach of boxing. All boxer are doing his household works like  slaves as it seems to be
trainging for them.
he slaped sunaina as he thinks that she is ignoring him.As she was not able speak, 
Not treating well to his big brother.he want's to marry sunaina to boy who is not able walk.
bahubali and dabang of village.
As bramhin he will order and other has to follow


sunaina 
conveyed his mother for married but his mother warned her that it is not easy to get marry with sharvan.
but she arugu all her statement about her uncle.

His father
his father not treating him well as they want him to get a job instead a sportperson
he want him to focus on study

his sister
good marks to happy father
buy a dress for sunaina

sanjay kumar 
mustage removed to accept BD's challange
stealing objects of his boxer
fighting with overweight person,drugs
fought all enemy who is hurden to him to play called as street fighter --caste



Women's are not allow meat inside house. Even they are saying to wash hand with soap.
her mother tells that we can't do anything except allowing them.
police tell him to focus on boxing in jail  
her father even  treated to death by BD but still she marry to  sharavan
covering her chest with veil 
government not focuses on sport(speech at tournament of minister)    
free gym by sanjay friend for 15 years                                        
sportperson  should marry after carrier
as punishement of marriage her parent lost job and home. Even her father leg's harmed and paralysed
BD attack on his coach and shravan . He even cut water and power supply of his house.ii
police even not able to anything as they don't have any evident
using drugs          
make anger as your weapon 
Guy who want to marry with sunaina forcefully do enagagement with sunaina
sport is not side part it is integral part of life.
